doc: Comment out the resolved issue by default in the PR template (#13541)
rook/rook: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

  4. Follow the steps in the checklist below, starting with the **Commit Message Formatting**.
-->

> <!-- **Which issue is resolved by this Pull Request:**

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
<!-- Uncomment this section with the issue number if an issue is being resolved
**Issue resolved by this Pull Request:**
Resolves #
-->
```

Resolves #

> remove the commented lines if have issue number--->

Reviewer: See above
```suggestion
```
